we've come to the column hari
desert in africa witnessed one
of my majors classic
confrontations
in this corner of the desert
feeding on sexual involved
insects and small reverence
back sociable crater army air
attacks
and this corner of the desert
feeding on rodents parrots
others snake senate forest mayor
tax
what i'm asking deadly venomous
bite they can easily kill humans
bob
pop batter
you think the mayor caps with
him on saturday or sunday read
like this but i knew
they clenched tightly together
they actually advance on the
part that ur
popmatters verses may reject
mayor casper's is poplar five
although i've always gobbling
first
the new york at smartly wait
thirty miles high in the air
focused estimated tension there
and it keep it from striking at
their heads
now because the informal near
cast actually have a partner
retreat
the new york at cost will go on
as the adults take care of
business
i think we've got a winner
it's let me read to act in a
unanimous decision
has done a lot better scandals
and uh... miratec smell in a
tree
in banglore any of the terry
return